NFTs with customized queried addresses (#5961)
rotki/rotki: docs/changelog.rst

* :bug:`-` Fixed an issue where reports couldn't be exported if there was special characters in notes or assets and the user locale was not compatible.
* :bug:`-` When users edit exchange credentials, if new credentials are invalid, the old passphrase will now be kept.
* :bug:`5934` When an exchange account is deleted from rotki and there are still more tracked accounts on the same exchange, events will no longer be re-queried for those remaining accounts.

> * :bug:`-` If user customizes queried addresses for NFTs module, NFTs only for the customized addresses will now be displayed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* :bug:`-` Users will now see the correct set of NFTs if they customized the list of addresses queried for the NFT module
```
